Attendees
======

Noa Zilberman, Nick McKeown, Nate Foster, Stephen Ibanez, and Robert Soule

Action Items
======

1. Steve and Nick will identify modules from the Stanford 344 course, remove Stanford-specific material, write a brief introduction on the "learning goals", and put the material in GitHub.
1. We will think about starting a programmer's guide in the fall, when Robert has time to push the work forward.
1. We will think about a charter and 1-year plan for a p4 educational working group.
1. We will plan to talk again around ANCS (end of July)  

Meeting Notes
======

Summarized last meeting. Everyone's interests included:

* Nick: P4 as a tool
* Nate: PL for networking
* Noa: applications
* Robert: apps and languages 
* Stephen: using P4 to teach networking

Stephen gave an update on CS344. They are 4-5 weeks into Stanford course. So far, things are going
well, even if the students have no prior background on hardware development. 

Question to the group: What are the goals for these (educational) meetings?

* Develop "more stuff" that other people can use when teaching P4 or with P4
* Ideally: Develop a semester length course that is ready to go. But, that is too ambitious now.

Can we identify modules that would be of common interest?

Some things that are needed:

* More informal introduction to the language (notes, programmer guide)
* 1 page reference guide
* Projects / teaching material that can be shred (e.g., module on a particular topic)
* Material to get instructors up to speed
* Increased stability and maturity of the tools / infrastructure
    *  Many students encounter issues with bugs in the tools rather than learning the concepts
    * Instructors have to put in a lot of work into setting up the environment so that it is "push button"

Let's be realistic about the effort we can put in:

* For many of us, comes down to when we put this in the syllabus for a course

What are the easiest "quick wins"?

* A great assignment that we can be done in 2-3 weeks

Maybe we ask contributors to put a little more work into
describing what the learning out come is:

* This module is focused on routing, etc.
* This could get us away from teaching P4 itself
* TODO: State the teaching goals for each portion

What is it that we want to share?

* Teaching networking concepts in P4?
* Small guide on "how do you use the P4 language"?
* Is there a common goal / artifact to which we all want to contribute?

One idea: push on a P4 programmer's guide

* Likely, this is dependent on other background material:
  * Common architecture
  * Mininet user's guide
  * P4FPGA's user's guide
  

Grand vision:

* Totally new networking course that gets away from networking mumbo jumbo, and focuses on concepts and technical issues
* Ideally, a course could present concepts and technical challenges, but decoupled from the nitty-gritty.
* Goal isn't to learn the format of a packet header, but instead the intuitions behind what you would need.

Identified 2 concrete places to start:

* Steve and Nick will identify modules from the Stanford 344 course, remove
    Stanford-specific material, write a brief introduction on the "learning goals",
    and put the material in GitHub.
* Robert could push on a Programmer's guide after returning to USI

Is there a common place to post questions?

* Nate proposed "Discourse", an open source version of Piazza. 
* Might it worthwhile to set up?

Do we need a P4 Education Working Group?

* If such a group existed, what would be its charter and 1 year plan?


Let's reconvene towards the end of the summer






